# E_com_Customer_Segmentation
E-COMMERCE PROJECT 
# Marketing Action Optimization 
Marketing Action Optimization is a methodology of identifying and running the most effective marketing action for each 
customer. 
# The goal of Marketing Action Optimization is to convert more customers, increase the spend of existing customers and reduce 
customer churn (abandonment). Optimizing every marketing action is especially important for consumer-facing online companies, such as Internet gaming, e-commerce and online services, Shopping Malls. 
# The Context of Marketing Action Optimization 
Most companies with a large number of customers frequently run marketing actions (also known as campaigns, offers, incentives, upgrades, treatments and the like) to increase the revenues generated by their customers. For example, a 
company may send their customers an email announcing limited-time free shipping on their next purchase to encourage the customer to make a purchase in the next few days. Another example is sending customers who have not made a purchase for some length of time an email containing a discount coupon to entice the customer to return and make a purchase. 
This type of marketing is in the lifeblood of consumer-facing online companies,such as Internet gaming, e-commerce , Shopping Malls and online services (such as financial services, telephony, SaaS applications, etc.). For these companies, there is no face-to-face marketing contact with their customers and their only opportunities to try increase income from their existing customers are via email, SMS, telephone , sending invitation . The Goal is to bring them on our MALL, websites etc. 
# A Unique Marketing Action Optimization Approach 
This method revolves around the performing dynamic micro segmentation of customers based on Purchase behavior  (and other) 
characteristics and being able to predict the future purchase behavior of customers in response to different marketing actions. (In other words, the next best marketing action for a particular customer is the one that most increases long-term revenue from the customer and not only a short-term spending uplift.) 
  
# Main Goal  
Clustering/Segmentation of the customer group as per their Purchase Pattern 
E-Commerce File:-  
Columns:- 
 Invoice No  
 Stock Code  
 Description  
 Quantity  
 Invoice Date  
 Unit Price  
 Customer ID 
 Country
 Shipping location
 Cancelled_status
 Reason of return
 Sold as set


